Now that you know how images are represented as grades of numerical values,
let's talk about the next step in our classification pipeline: Pre-processing.
Pre-processing images is all about standardizing input images,
so that you can move further along the pipeline and analyze images in the same way.
The most common Pre-processing steps include: One,
changing how an image looks spatially by
using geometric transforms which can scale an image,
rotate it or even change how far away an object appears and two,
changing color schemes, like choosing to use grayscale images over color images.
It's easy to see how these transformations are useful in an example.
Let's say we're trying to build a traffic sign classifier that recognizes
two types of image data: "Stop Signs" and "Not Stop Signs."
Our classification pipeline might look like this.
Take a look at the input image and count up the number of red pixels in the image.
If there are alot above some threshold number, say,
300 pixels, then we'll label it as a "Stop Sign."
But if there are not enough red pixels,
we'll label the image as "Not Stop Sign."
Now, for this to work on any image we need
to have a consistent measure for the color red.
We can't just sum up grayscale pixel values in one image and RGV in another.
We need to convert these images to be in the same color space
and use the same measure for red pixels as we analyze each image.
It will also be useful to have images of the same size
since we're planning on counting up red values pixel by pixel.
So standardizing the color and shape of
each input image is a necessary step in reaching the end goal,
recognizing important patterns in image data and classifying the images.